Fix globals, part 17: `clearTimeout()` & `setTimeout()` (#36062)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/5/index.md

### DOM

- The {{domxref("Selection")}} object's {{domxref("Selection.modify", "modify()")}} method has been changed so that the "word" selection granularity no longer includes trailing spaces; this makes it more consistent across platforms and matches the behavior of WebKit's implementation.

> - The {{domxref("Window.setTimeout", "setTimeout()")}} and {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.setTimeout", "setTimeout()")}} method now clamps to send no more than one timeout per second in inactive tabs. In addition, it now clamps nested timeouts to the smallest value allowed by the HTML5 specification: 4 ms (instead of the 10 ms it used to clamp to).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The {{domxref("Window.setTimeout", "setTimeout()")}} and {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.setTimeout", "setTimeout()")}} methods are now clamped to send no more than one timeout per second in inactive tabs. In addition, it now clamps nested timeouts to the smallest value allowed by the HTML5 specification: 4 ms (instead of the 10 ms it used to clamp to).
```
